feat(android): Add standalone app start tracing (#5342)
getsentry/sentry-java: CHANGELOG.md

> ### Features

Reviewer: this is also a part of the already release version, I guess we should move it

- Add `enableStandaloneAppStartTracing` option to send app start as a standalone transaction instead of attaching it as a child span of the first activity transaction ([#5342](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-java/pull/5342))

>   - Disabled by default; opt in via `SentryAndroidOptions.setEnableStandaloneAppStartTracing(true)` or manifest meta-data `io.sentry.standalone-app-start-tracing.enable`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Disabled by default; opt in via `options.isEnableStandaloneAppStartTracing = true` or manifest meta-data `io.sentry.standalone-app-start-tracing.enable`
```
I guess we should prefer kotlin going forward :)
